The only thing worse than finding security gaps in
your company is finding them and knowing about them,
but doing nothing to fix it.
This can lead to a host of issues,
from non-compliance with certain regulations to
legal liabilities for being negligent when it comes to security.
Let's take Equifax, for example.
The breach is said to have impacted about half of the entire United States population.
So hundreds of millions of data records were exposed and
the breach cost the company millions of dollars in response and damages.
Now the breach happened in 2017.
One of the most concerning parts here is that the vulnerability
that the attackers exploited was released back in 2012.
That's five years before the breach.
So even though the vulnerability was exposed,
it was not fixed.
Now what this means is that it's possible this could have been
mitigated or potentially avoided with the right remediation effort.
Remediation is a necessary step after finding issues to avoid scenarios like this.